#rust/cargo
Cargo has two main profiles: the `dev` profile Cargo uses when you run `cargo build` and the `release` profile Cargo uses when you run `cargo build --release` (for production).

```console
$ cargo build
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.0s
$ cargo build --release
    Finished release [optimized] target(s) in 0.0s
```

Cargo has default settings for each of the profiles that apply when you haven't explicitly added any `[profile.*]` sections in the project’s _Cargo.toml_ file.

You can override a default setting by adding a different value for it in _Cargo.toml_. For example, if we want to use optimization level 1 in the development profile, we can add these two lines to our project’s _Cargo.toml_ file:

```toml
[profile.dev]
opt-level = 1
```

#rust/cargo/install

## cargo install

- installs a rust projects binary locally.

`RUST libraries cannot be installed only projects with a binary output (main.rs)`

- the PATH variable $HOME/.cargo/bin is needed
- The binary will be installed in that PATH

#docker 
## Docker INSTRUCTION
### RUN / CMD / ENTRYPOINT
`all three instructions can be used in the shell format / exec format`

`shell format` => <\instruction> <\command>
`exec format` => <\instruction> ["exe","pa1","pa2"]

`RUN` preferable used with **shell** format
`CMD & ENTRYPOINT` preferable used with **exec**

1. Use the `RUN` command to install applications and packages, and build images.
2. If the purpose of the Docker image is to run an application or service, such as running a `MySQL`, the `ENTRYPOINT` command in the Exec format should be used in preference. `CMD` can provide additional default parameters for `ENTRYPOINT`, and the default parameters can be replaced by the docker run command line.
3. If you want to set the default startup command for the container, you can use the `CMD` command. Users can override this default command in the docker run command line.